Add security threat submission beta api docs (#16242)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/security-emailthreatsubmissionpolicy-update.md

| isReportToMicrosoftEnabled               | Boolean | If enabled, the email will be sent to Microsoft for analysis. The default value is `false`. Requried for creation.  |
| isReviewEmailNotificationEnabled         | Boolean | Indicates whether an email notification is sent to the end user who reported the email when it has been reviewed by the admin. The default value is `false`. Optional for creation.  |

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_emailthreatsubmissionpolicy"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/security/threatSubmission/emailthreatSubmissionPolicies/DefaultReportSubmissionPolicy
Content-type: application/json

{
  "isReportToMicrosoftEnabled": false
}
```

### Response
The following is an example of the response.

> 
> > **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

Author: ```suggestion
```

---
title: "Update emailThreatSubmissionPolicy"
description: "Update the properties of an emailThreatSubmissionPolicy object."
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update emailThreatSubmissionPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of an [emailThreatSubmissionPolicy](../resources/security-emailthreatsubmissionpolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|ThreatSubmissionPolicies.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|ThreatSubmissionPolicy.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

> > **Note:** Use HTTP `PATCH` request. HTTP `PUT` is not supported.

Reviewer: Curious why we need this note since we show in the syntax that it's a PATCH request? If there's a reason to keep the note, please revise as: "Use HTTP `PATCH` for this request. HTTP `PUT` is not supported."

Author: @Lauragra since @isvargasmsft commented that if both are supported but only patch is supported.   
Let me remove it. + @isvargasmsft  for visibility.

> 
> > **Note:** Use HTTP `PATCH` request. HTTP `PUT` is not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
```

| isReportToMicrosoftEnabled               | Boolean | If enabled, the email will be sent to Microsoft for analysis. The default value is `false`. Requried for creation.  |
| isReviewEmailNotificationEnabled         | Boolean | Indicates whether an email notification is sent to the end user who reported the email when it has been reviewed by the admin. The default value is `false`. Optional for creation.  |

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_emailthreatsubmissionpolicy"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/security/threatSubmission/emailthreatSubmissionPolicies/DefaultReportSubmissionPolicy
Content-type: application/json

{
  "isReportToMicrosoftEnabled": false
}
```

### Response
The following is an example of the response.

> > **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

Reviewer: Global: When there's no response body, please be sure to remove this note.

---
title: "Update emailThreatSubmissionPolicy"
description: "Update the properties of an emailThreatSubmissionPolicy object."
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update emailThreatSubmissionPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of an [emailThreatSubmissionPolicy](../resources/security-emailthreatsubmissionpolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|ThreatSubmissionPolicies.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|ThreatSubmissionPolicy.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Only `Patch` request is supported by now. `Put` is not supported.

```

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH security/threatSubmission/emailThreatSubmissionPolicies/{emailThreatSubmissionPoliciesId}
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
[!INCLUDE [table-intro](../../includes/update-property-table-intro.md)]

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> | isReportToMicrosoftEnabled               | Boolean | If enabled, the email will be sent to microsoft for analysis.                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isReportToMicrosoftEnabled               | Boolean | It is used to specify whether the email messages reported by end users as junk, phish or not junk be sent to Microsoft or not?|
```

> | isReportToCustomizedEmailAddressEnabled  | Boolean | If enabled, the email will be sent to customizedReportRecipientEmailAddress.               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isReportToCustomizedEmailAddressEnabled  | Boolean | It is used to specify whether emails reported by end users should be send to the custom mailbox which will be configured below using customizedReportRecipientEmailAddress? |
```

> | isAskMeEnabledForUsers                   | Boolean | User could use 'Ask me before reporting the message' option. The default value is true.    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isAskMeEnabledForUsers                   | Boolean | It is used to specify whether end users can confirm using a popup before reporting messages as spam, phish or not junk. Its default value is true |
```

> | isAlwaysReportEnabledForUsers            | Boolean | User could use 'Always report the message' option. The default value is true.              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isAlwaysReportEnabledForUsers            | Boolean | It is used to specify whether end users can report a message as spam, phish or junk directly without a confirmation(popup). Its default value is true|
```

> | isNeverReportEnabledForUsers             | Boolean | User could use 'Never report the message' option. The default value is true.               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isNeverReportEnabledForUsers             | Boolean | It is used to specify whether end users can simply move the message from one folder to another based on the action of spam, phish or not junk without actually reporting it. Its default value is true. |
```

> | isCustomizedMessageEnabledForPhishing    | Boolean | If enabled, customized message only shows when email is reported as phishing.              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isCustomizedMessageEnabledForPhishing    | Boolean | It is used to specify whether the customized email notifications sent to end users is to be sent for phish or not? |
```

> | isCustomizedMessageEnabled               | Boolean | If enabled, customized message is enabled.                                                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isCustomizedMessageEnabled               | Boolean | It is used to specify whether the email notifications sent to end users to inform them whether an email is phish, spam or junk is customized or not? |
```

| customizedReportRecipientEmailAddress    | String  | When customized address enabled, the message will be sent to this address.                 |

> | isReviewEmailNotificationEnabled         | Boolean | If enabled, system sends email notification to reporter when admin reviews the submission. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isReviewEmailNotificationEnabled         | Boolean |It is used to specify whether an email notification be sent to the end user who reported the email when it has been reviewed by the Admin? |
```

> | isCustomizedNotificationSenderEnabled    | Boolean | If enabled, notificationSenderAddress is used by review notification email.                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isCustomizedNotificationSenderEnabled    | Boolean | It is used to specify whether we should use the sender email address which we will set below using customizedNotificationSenderEmailAddress for sending email notifications to end users or not?|
```

> | isOrganizationBrandingEnabled            | Boolean | If enabled, tenant branding logo will be used in review notification message.              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isOrganizationBrandingEnabled            | Boolean | It is used to specify whether the branding logo should be used in the email notifications or not which are being sent to end users? |
```

> | customizedNotificationSenderEmailAddress | String  | Customized notification sender address for review notification message.                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| customizedNotificationSenderEmailAddress | String  | It is used to specify the email address of the sender from which email notifications will be sent to end users to inform them whether an email is spam, phish or clean. |
```

> | isReportFromQuarantineEnabled            | Boolean | If enabled, submission could be created from security portal quarantine page.              |

Reviewer 3: GLOBAL: please always list properties in alphabetical order.

> | isReportFromQuarantineEnabled            | Boolean | If enabled, submission could be created from security portal quarantine page.              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| isReportFromQuarantineEnabled            | Boolean | It is used to specify whether end users can submit from the quarantine page or not?|
```

---
title: "Update emailThreatSubmissionPolicy"
description: "Update the properties of an emailThreatSubmissionPolicy object."
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update emailThreatSubmissionPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of an [emailThreatSubmissionPolicy](../resources/security-emailthreatsubmissionpolicy.md) object.

## Permissions

> One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more permissions, including how to choose one, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).
```

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|ThreatSubmissionPolicies.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|ThreatSubmissionPolicy.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

> Only `Patch` request is supported by now. `Put` is not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
Only HTTP `PATCH` request is supported by now. HTTP `PUT` is not supported.
```

> Only HTTP `PATCH` request is supported by now. HTTP `PUT` is not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only HTTP `PATCH` request is supported as of today. HTTP `PUT` is not supported.
```

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH security/threatSubmission/emailThreatSubmissionPolicies/{emailThreatSubmissionPoliciesId}
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
[!INCLUDE [table-intro](../../includes/update-property-table-intro.md)]

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These properties are related with the user reported message settings and to know more check out this documentation - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/user-submission?view=o365-worldwide
```
